feat: tip about api version (#4036)
artsy/metaphysics: README.md

_If you're new to GraphQL, you can checkout [Artsy's GraphQL Workshop](https://github.com/artsy/graphql-workshop)._

> For `GraphQL Endpoint`, set it to `http://localhost:3000/` if you want to query for something that lives in v1 of the API, otherwise, set it to `http://localhost:3000/v2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `GraphQL Endpoint`, set it to `http://localhost:3000/` if you want to query for something that lives in v1 of the schema, otherwise, set it to `http://localhost:3000/v2` 

**Note that `/v2` is the default** and it is rare to query against `/v1`. 
```

Reviewer: Wanted to note that it is `v1` of the schema. By using "API" that might confuse devs about, say, gravity v1, etc.

Author: `schema`. got it. i have yet to get my mp/graphql-speak down pat. thanks!
